fix: ensure clients and server are always on the same version (#7351)
opencrvs/opencrvs-core: CHANGELOG.md

- Supporting document fields can now be made required
- If there is only one option in the document uploader select, then it stays hidden and only the upload button is showed with the only option being selected by default
- Allow configuring the default search criteria for record search [#6924](https://github.com/opencrvs/opencrvs-core/issues/6924)

> - Ensure client and server are always on the same version [#6695](https://github.com/opencrvs/opencrvs-core/issues/6695)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add checks to validate client and server are always on the same version. This prevents browsers with a cached or outdated client versions from making potentially invalid requests to the backend [#6695](https://github.com/opencrvs/opencrvs-core/issues/6695)
```
